Added the new doc for List.remove() method (#4359)
Codecademy/docs: content/dart/concept/list/terms/remove/remove.md

---
Title: '.remove()'
Description: 'Removes first occurrence of a value from the list.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Dart'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-dart'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.remove()`** is a method to remove the first occurrence of an item from the list and return bool `true` if the item is present and is successfully removed, otherwise return bool `false` if the item is not present.

> **Note:** The list must be growable list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The list must be a growable list.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
List.remove(value)
```

- `List`: The value or variable of the List type to be modified.
- `value`: Specifies a value to be removed from the List.

## Example

In the following example, the `.remove()` method is used to delete the first occurrence of value `1` from `list` variable:

```dart
void main() {
	List list = [2, 1, 3, 5, 1, 7];
	print('Original list : ${list}');
	bool retValue = list.remove(1);
	print('Return value of remove function : ${retValue}');
	print('New list : ${list}');
	retValue = list.remove(4);
	print('Return value of remove function : ${retValue}');
        print('New list : ${list}');
}
```

> The above code will produce the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above code will produce the following output:

```

---
Title: '.remove()'
Description: 'Removes first occurrence of a value from the list.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Dart'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-dart'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.remove()`** is a method to remove the first occurrence of an item from the list and return bool `true` if the item is present and is successfully removed, otherwise return bool `false` if the item is not present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.remove()`** method is used to remove the first occurrence of an item from the list and return bool `true` if the item is present and is successfully removed, otherwise, return bool `false` if the item is not present.
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove the extra space.

---

> Title: 'List.remove()'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: '.remove()'
```

Description: 'Removes first occurrence of a value from the list.'
Subjects:
  - 'Andriod Development'

>   - 'Dart'

Reviewer: You should choose the subjects from this [list](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md).

Tags:
  - 'List'
  - 'Remove'

>   - 'Method'

Reviewer: Choose the tags from this [page](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md).

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-dart'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **List.remove()** is an abstract method to remove the first occurence of an item from the list and return bool `true` if the item is present and is successfully removed, otherwise return bool `false` if the item is not present. The list must be growable list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.remove()`** is a method to remove the first occurrence of an item from the list and return bool `true` if the item is present and is successfully removed, otherwise return bool `false` if the item is not present.
```
Add this line as a note after the introductory paragraph - 
`The list must be a growable list.`

## Syntax

```pseudo

> List.remove(Object value)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List.remove(value)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

- `List`: The value or variable of the List type to be modified.

> - `Object value`: Specifies a value to be removed from the List.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `value`: Specifies a value to be removed from the List.
```

## Example

> In the following example, the remove method is used to delete the first occurence of value `1` from `list` variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the `.remove()` method is used to delete the first occurrence of  `1` from the `list` variable:
```

```dart
void main() {
	List list = [2, 1, 3, 5, 1, 7];
	print('Original list : ${list}');
	bool retValue = list.remove(1);
	print('Return value of remove function : ${retValue}');
	print('New list : ${list}');
	retValue = list.remove(4);
	print('Return value of remove function : ${retValue}');
        print('New list : ${list}');
}
```

> It will produce the following output −

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above code will produce the following output:

```

> ```pseudo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```
The output should be in a ` ```shell` block.

Original list : [2, 1, 3, 5, 1, 7]
Return value of remove function : true
New list : [2, 3, 5, 1, 7]
Return value of remove function : false
New list : [2, 3, 5, 1, 7]
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove extra space.
